connect a conventional active microphone
for video surveillance systems
They are usually three-wire to
video recorder
or api camera three - wire microphone
responsibly and they are red it is + black
It is a minus and the total and then transfer it
sound on combo to faith
here I have seams 30 12 in the example goes
this yellow wire is braided braid
this is to minus that is to say we are minus and black
today together here are the three wires that is
on
this is how we connect the yellow to the first
black with black braid red
red
all this country country microphone
the inclusion registrar will be a little bit
differently we are braided cable me and
we connect central vein on bnc
plug remember to put on pro linc like me
Now I tried and now I will not press
to end
that twisted floor so it was hooked
why that he did not drop them example
everything is connected there
spun che we need to apply
there is nothing to do with it
connector but this connector
there is a plus or minus
red is + black tu minus
disabled real
for microphone power here's weird
Registration connector to make it more convenient
disconnect us it will be the microphone to
the truth .
a microphone jack
without and traded shy just active
here is the power connector
suitable conventional plug let's say in
power supply you are 1205 there and just
wires can take the camera still
somehow here first here this
microphone must be assembled to connect
what kind of camera do we have special
there is one connector on one side
Bedrooms jack other cases
spring or right or left channel
choose and in camera
connection